Miss Ji,
If you want less trouble in the future,
try to be a bit more cooperative.
Sir, Miss Ji's injury has been
treated. Then I
…will leave first.
Sir, Miss Ji's injury,
I'm afraid she can't take any more.
If she's troubled again,
I'm afraid her right hand will
be permanently disabled.
Please be more restrained
in the future, sir.
Get out!
Jin Lingling, since you're with me,
forget about others.
Tonight I can avoid touching you,
but don't let it happen again.
Otherwise, I will make you pay.
You will pay the price.
What will I do in the future?
Can I escape?
Reid, help me with something.
Come in.
Sir, I see you haven't slept yet,
I brought you a glass of milk.